#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
    #   django
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via django-bootstrap4
blinker==1.7.0
    # via flask
channels==4.0.0
    # via django-plotly-dash
click==8.1.7
    # via flask
crispy-bootstrap4==2024.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dash==2.9.3
    # via
    #   dash-ag-grid
    #   dash-bootstrap-components
    #   django-plotly-dash
dash-ag-grid==31.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dash-bootstrap-components==1.5.0
    # via django-plotly-dash
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via dash
django==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
    #   crispy-bootstrap4
    #   django-bootstrap4
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-excel-response
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-plotly-dash
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
django-bootstrap4==24.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-crispy-forms==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   crispy-bootstrap4
django-excel-response==2.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==23.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-guardian==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-plotly-dash==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timescaledb==0.2.13
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dpd-components==0.1.0
    # via django-plotly-dash
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
flask==3.0.2
    # via
    #   dash
    #   django-plotly-dash
idna==3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openpyxl
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via flask
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
openpyxl==2.4.11
    # via django-excel-response
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   drf-yasg
    #   plotly
pandas==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
plotly==5.19.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   django-plotly-dash
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via djangorestframework-simplejwt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via pandas
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   django-plotly-dash
    #   flask
